you
hi good morning it's early for me we
gotta bring Alex to the dentist right
it's not a cavity it just really just
fell out ah yes the feeling just fell
out so yes you told us so it fall out
yeah so early
good morning we're gonna have to get
used to this cuz school starts Monday
yay
so we'll be up early every morning again
in head to school which is cool yeah so
do I but we do anyway
yeah I did
so yeah so it's about 45 minutes I think
ticket to this dentist unfortunately but
we're a little late and I'm a little low
on gas so we're gonna have to figure
that out but I probably should have got
going about 30 minutes ago but hopefully
it all work out okay so I'll
I will have to get some of the need
after
but you don't want to eat before
so anyway I guess that's all for now
good morning
so alex has got to have a little root
canal to fix his teeth we'll see inside
there these are the top ones of the
bottom one ah top ones let's see hmm
yeah there it is too much candy sorry
you scared my teeth barely any candy in
that cheese oh are you nervous
no no I'm sort of excited and nervous it
this name yeah cuz it'll fix it huh you
got me in here you want me out there
when you'd have it done yeah okay I'm
kind of nervous for you a little bit you
gonna make it there very nice here very
nice people
everyone's very nice very very nice in
Orlando come to here right
if you live in Orlando area visit dr.
Carroll
what's the name of this way
Carl sister coughing yeah Carlton
definitely it's nice people great place
to go huh
you're excited to get to eat on that
side of him into it
all right it's two teeth actually so big
yeah yeah
so we're done obviously you can see we
got some footage of Alex getting worked
on you had to have a couple little baby
root canals so but hopefully he won't be
any pain anymore over there now so
that's um dentist up with the name if
you are local there's the phone number
you can see it but they're here in I
guess Orlando uh area pine hills maybe
but very nice people
Wow ever it is really super double nice
so I'd recommend going there if you live
around here but now we're off now he's
hungry so we got to figure out what he
can eat alright busy